This directory contains some scripts that process weather data logged
by w1retap. 

The wplot.pl script is run by the author as a 'cron' job every 5
minutes. It produces the <http://www.daria.co.uk/wx/> web page (and
local pages at home), as well as a Wunderground feed, files for an RRS
feed and the wx_static.xml file used by the w1temp GNOME applet.

wplot.pl is responsbile for normalisation of the data recorded by
w1retap, e.g. pressure to mean sea level, calculating rain fall from raw
data etc. In order to do this, the 'station' database table is used.

wplot.pl uses ploticus to draw graphs (obsolete code for gnuplot is
still available) and innumerable perl modules.

wxrss.pl manages the RSS feed from data produced by wplot.pl.

wug.pl is a standalone Wunderground.com uploader (wplot.pl can also dp
this).

All these scripts require that the stations table is populated:

CREATE TABLE station
(
        name text,
        stnlat real,
        stnlong real,
        altitude real,
        location text,
        software text,
        url text,
        wu_user text,
        wu_pass text,
        rfact real
);

name:	  The name of the station (free text).

stnlat:	  The latitude of the station, decimal degress.

stnlong:  The longitude of the station, decimal degress (nb uSians, W
	  is negative).

altitude: Altitude of station, for pressure normalisation in METRES
	  (nb USians, 1 metre = 3.281 feet).

location: The location of your station (free text).

software: The name of the weather station software ('w1retap').

url:	  The URL of a site providing information about your site.

wu_user:  The Wunderground.com user name.

wu_pass:  The Wunderground.com password name.

rfact:	  The factor that converts one tip of the rain sensor bucket
	  to inches. For the standard LaCrosse guage with a TAI8540,
	  the value is 0.0204" per tip. The author placed a funnel of
	  diameter 13cm over his guage, giving a factor of 0.0105" per
	  tip.

e.g.:

 INSERT INTO station VALUES ('Jonathan & Daria''s Weather Station',
   50.91532, -1.53036, 19, 'Netley Marsh', 'w1retap',
   'http://www.daria.co.uk/wx/', 'myusername', 'sososecret', 0.0105);


These scripts are licenced under the MIT Licence.
